hey guys what's up today I'm going to be
doing a review of the lucky labs that
believe the texture skins that's what
they're called for the iphone 5 i'm
right here if that will focus i have the
i think it's pronounced perrotto or
something like that i don't know it's
one of the wood textures that they offer
at our website it's the lucky labs com
it comes with a couple different things
one of them is a a business card type
thing so you'll be redirected there I
got this for 899 I just got the back to
cover the aluminum part of the iphone 5
but um don't know if you saw it or not
but there is a cutout for the apple logo
so you don't have to worry about that
unless you just want to install the
whole thing and cover your Apple logo
it's up to you um they give you the
instructions right here in this little
piece of paper that's it gives you the
different directions for all the stuff
they offer for the iphone skins that
says um seeing a clean device thoroughly
remove texture skin from backing and
line up the features on your phone start
by bringing the skin into contact with
one edge of the phone lower the skin
onto the phone making sure to keep
everything in alignment if you make a
mistake slowly remove the skin and try
again once properly in place smooth skin
onto phone making sure that everything
stays lined up alright well i have my
iphone 5 right here so i cleaned it off
very well so i'm going to actually cut
put this on and see how long it actually
takes me
all right um after a lot of tedious work
if you are very very OCD like I am about
getting on things perfect it will
probably take you around five minutes 55
no more than 10 minutes to get it on
here it is and it looks pretty awesome
like I said I got the bike the perrotto
or however you say that would I have the
white iphone 5 obviously but you can
also get ones for the top but I really
think it looks nice with the white the
glass at the bottom and the top um looks
really really great and if that focus is
right there you can kind of see the
ridges in there that's why it's called
the texture skin because it kind of
gives you the feeling that it's real
wood it's obviously not but um for 799
or 899 and one dollar shipping you
cannot beat it you just can't um I'm
pretty sure they have a special if you
if you have your email setup with them
they have a special that if you type in
a special code that it gives you like
ten or twenty percent off only thing
that's going to bug me a little bit is
that dust is going to get caught in here
and on these sides right here very
easily so you want to keep that clean um
if you're not to OC
about that I guess it doesn't really
matter but for people who are like
myself that's the only negative to this
otherwise obviously you have complete
protection of the aluminum and if you
got the other stickers for the glass it
would be covered but like I said I just
got the wood part um they have a white
carbon fiber black carbon fiber x three
different types of wood grains and I
know they also just have solid colors
for this that are really nice so um yeah
go head up of lucky labs com they got
some really great stuff not only for the
iphone 5 but the iphone4 4s ipad insert
your Apple product here and you got it
but yeah like I said this was a review
of the lucky labs texture skin rafts for
the iphone 5 hope you like it just
starting out here on youtube so if you
can subscribe to me like this video and
i will get many more videos pertaining
to the iphone 5 up on here so thanks a
lot guys peace out